Update README.md Custom User Settings (#15454)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/reference/modules/Users/CustomUserSettings/README.md

## Creating Custom User Settings

Custom User Settings are organized in sections, each section is represented by a Content Type with the `CustomUserSettings` stereotype. 

> From the "Features" list, activate the module `Custom User Settings`. To add a new section is necessary to create a new Content Type (called e.g. "User Settings"), disable `Creatable`, `Listable`, `Draftable` and `Securable` metadata as they don't apply, and add a field, or parts, that we want as a new property for our users (e.g. we can add a "Text Field" to show user nicknames). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the "Custom User Settings" module, select it from the "Features" list. To incorporate a new section, it is essential to generate a fresh Content Type, such as "User Settings." In this process, deactivate the Creatable, Listable, Draftable, and Securable metadata since they are not applicable. Additionally, include a field or components to define the new property for users; for instance, one can append a "Text Field" to display user nicknames.
```

!!! warning
    Don't mark any existing Content Type with this `CustomUserSettings` stereotype, as this will break existing content items of this type.

Custom User Settings are then comprised of parts and fields like any other content type.  

> Once created, open the user list, create or edit an existing user, and each of these sections should appear alongside the module-provided ones. For more details see the video at the [bottom of this page](#Video). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creation, go to Security >> Users to either create a new user or modify an existing one. Each of these sections will be accessible through distinct tabs. For further information, refer to the video located at the [bottom of this page.](#Video). 
```
